More details on tracking nullability (#3574)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: src/PublicApiAnalyzers/PublicApiAnalyzers.Help.md

#nullable enable
```

At that point, reference types in annotated code will need to be annotated with either a `?` (nullable) or a `!` (non-nullable). For instance, `C.AnnotatedMethod(string! nonNullableParameter, string? nullableParameter, int valueTypeParameter) -> void`.

> Any public API that uses an oblivious reference type (in `#nullable disable` or legacy code) will be tracked with a `~` marker. The marker lets you track how many public APIs still lack annotations. For instance, `~C.ObliviousMethod() -> string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any public API that haven't been annotated (i.e. uses an oblivious reference type) will be tracked with a `~` marker (irrespective of presence of `#nullable disable` in files). The marker lets you track how many public APIs still lack annotations. For instance, `~C.ObliviousMethod() -> string`.
```

> If you start with a fresh project or you reach 100% annotation on your public API on an existing project, the RS0041 warning ("Symbol uses some oblivious reference types") ensures that all public APIs remain annotated. If you are in the process of annotating an existing project, it is recommended to disable this warning (for instance in `.editorconfig` with `dotnet_diagnostic.RS0041.severity = none`) until you completely annotate the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to enable [RS0041 warning](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/master/src/PublicApiAnalyzers/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.PublicApiAnalyzers.md) if you start with a fresh project or your project has reached 100% annotation on your public API to ensure that all public APIs remain annotated. 
If you are in the process of annotating an existing project, we recommended to disable this warning until you complete the annotation. The rule can be disabled via `.editorconfig` with `dotnet_diagnostic.RS0041.severity = none`.
```
